draft of data frames notebook (#1822)
deephaven/deephaven-core: demo/web/src/main/notebooks/Data Frames.md

# **Data Frames in Deephaven**

This notebook will demonstrate the value of Deephaven DataFrames.

It will also familiarize you with some of the options related to Pandas compared to tables.
\
\
[Pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/) is the most used library for data analysis and manipulation in Python.
\
Using [Pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/) with Deephaven can make your queries more flexible.
\

> A [`DataFrame`](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.html?highlight=dataframe#pandas.DataFrame) is a two-dimensional tabular data structure that is native to [Pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/). With Deephaven, we can convert between Deephaven tables and Pandas data frames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [`DataFrame`](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.html?highlight=dataframe#pandas.DataFrame) is a two-dimensional tabular data structure that is native to [Pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/). With Deephaven, we can convert between Deephaven tables and Pandas DataFrames.
```

\
First, let's create a Deephaven table.
\

```python
from deephaven.TableTools import newTable, stringCol, intCol, floatCol, doubleCol

source = newTable(
   stringCol("Strings", "String 1", "String 2", "String 3"),
   intCol("Ints", 4, 5, 6),
   floatCol("Floats", 9.9, 8.8, 7.7),
   doubleCol("Doubles", 0.1, 0.2, 0.3)
)
```

\
\

> To convert the Deephaven table to a data frame, import the [`tableToDataFrame`](https://deephaven.io/core/pydoc/code/deephaven.html#deephaven.tableToDataFrame) method and then perform the conversion. To see the data frame, we print it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To convert the Deephaven table to a DataFrame, import the [`tableToDataFrame`](https://deephaven.io/core/pydoc/code/deephaven.html#deephaven.tableToDataFrame) method and then perform the conversion. To see the DataFrame, we print it.
```

```python
from deephaven import tableToDataFrame

data_frame = tableToDataFrame(source)
print(data_frame)
```

> Users often perform analysis which results in a Pandas data frame. To convert a data frame to a Deephaven table, we start with the data frame created above and map that to a Deephaven table using the [`dataFrameToTable`](https://deephaven.io/core/pydoc/code/deephaven.html#deephaven.dataFrameToTable) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users often perform analysis which results in a Pandas DataFrame. To convert this to a Deephaven table, we start with the DataFrame created above and map that to a Deephaven table using the [`dataFrameToTable`](https://deephaven.io/core/pydoc/code/deephaven.html#deephaven.dataFrameToTable) method.
```
